Mother, if you would like to say just a few words to take in.
Just give it.
Again, I'm back here in Moscow.
Where the people are great seekers of Truth.
And absolutely ready to achieve their self-realization.
Which is the goal of our human life.
As Christ has said that we are to be born again,
it happens.
Yoga is no religion.
It is the union with All-pervading Divine Love.
That is the right of every person.
Every human being.
Here now we have people from Finland, from England, from Germany,
from Austria who have come to help my work in Russia.
They are all your brothers and sisters.
Hope to see you this evening, all of you, for the program.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, my love.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mother.